Meeting Minutes
04/03/2013
---------------

UI 	- Icon has been created, as have waveform images.
	- Help menu to be created
		- This could be a series of images
		- PSDs -> Git
	- Ability to change waveform in Settings menu

Sound generation - Jon has been working on tilt code which sounds okay, but is a little unresponsive (i.e. the sound can take a lot longer than the movement to change) and produces clicking 'artifacts' when movement occurs.

Presentation - needs doing!

Misc. - testing needs to happen ASAP, both to ensure the demo doesn't crash for the presentation and for documentation.
	  - please use Git to track issues