Meeting Minutes
19/02/2013
---------------

Sound generation - inherent bug where sound is 'buzzy'. Luke to fix this ASAP.
				 - an interface between the accelerometer and the sound generation/filter cutoff. Perhaps this will manifest itself as a function that will map the accelerometer values to a known range, say 0 to 1. Steve and Jon to work on this as a priority.
				 - initially this could just be smoothing the values to roughly approximate a sine wave. Jon to work on this before Thursday and to have working prototype.
				 - envelope generator would be a nice-to-have feature, but less essential
				 
Accelerometer - accelerometer calibration code to be updated and improved. Steve to implement this tonight.

Interface - Ricky has done larger images for new UI, Guy + Petro to implement ASAP.